RUM doc 2.0 (#6227)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/_index.md

description: "Visualize and analyze the performance of your front end applications as seen by your users."
disable_toc: true
further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/real-user-monitoring-with-datadog/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Real User Monitoring"
- link: "/logs/processing/attributes_naming_convention/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Datadog Standard Attributes"
---

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/rum_full_dashboard.png" alt="RUM Dashboard" responsive="true" >}}

## What is Real User Monitoring?

> Datadog Real User Monitoring (RUM) enables you to visualize and analyze the real-time activity and experience of individual users to prioritize engineering work on the features with the highest business impact. The `datadog-rum` library supports all modern desktop and mobile browsers. Resources collection is limited on IE10 and IE11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog Real User Monitoring (RUM) enables you to visualize and analyze the real-time activities and experiences of individual users to prioritize engineering work on the features with the highest business impact. The `datadog-rum` library supports all modern desktop and mobile browsers. Resources collection is limited on IE10 and IE11.
```
